Unlike all the other planets in our solar system
It covers water in its liquid state 70% of the land area
Which despite being a useful life, it is still strange existence.
Because everything we know about how the time of formation of our planet
Requires that the surface of the Earth Java.
The story begins this way:
Be our solar system from the collapse of a large cloud of dust and gas.
The thick liquid gas flared is located in the middle and formed the sun
When she was a modern and stable star strong solar wind fired.
Over time, this current component of the charged particles led to the payment of the remaining gas cloud away,
Leaving only solid particles that banded together Kckor then planetesimals
Finally rocky planets within the solar system known to us today.
Here is the problem;
It is that the water in its solid state Kjlad can not be one of those remaining solid particles that formed our planet
Because the solar system at the beginning it was very warm and not allow the existence of frozen water,
And any water vapor was paid by the solar wind outside.
So, if the ground at the beginning did not contain water,
So how wonderful the oceans formed?
We know that the compound H2O (water) is not configured inside the earth through the ages
Because natural processes such as photosynthesis, respiration burning and construction
Working on the creation and extinction of a similar amount of water almost.
In any case, the quantities we are talking about little
To the extent that they do not explain the presence of huge amounts of water on the planet.
As the ground water has not made up with them and did not make it
That means they entered the Earth from a distant place
Through meteorites or comets or other objects formed outside the solar system that
Where it was far from the sun enough to allow the presence of frozen water.
Snow balls are considered muddy any comets
One candidate Almacolan as a source of water on the ground
But we exclude this possibility when we discovered it is rich in heavy hydrogen
Located on the ground compared with water.
Heavy hydrogen from proton and neutron in its nucleus consists.
Every million hydrogen atom in the ground water,
There are about 150 heavy hydrogen atom
While the water in the comet contain twice that number.
This contradiction in the chemical properties indicates that the ground water did not arise from the arrival of comets
It turned out that the most likely source of the waters of the Earth
Is a type of meteorite called "carbon Alkondric".
"Alkondric" is just a name for a class of stony meteorites that hit the earth in abundance.
But only "carbon Alkondric" is that contains water
Along with a large amount of carbon as indicated by its name.
They contain water because it was formed behind the "frost line" the sun,
Indeed, the water on it with levels of heavy hydrogen similar to the ground water.
So it is very likely that these things crashing to the ground
It is the source of ice caps, clouds, rivers and oceans.
Therefore, this water that turned the planet into a blue crystal came literally
Accidentally.